Dennis Kelleher: Pull it.
Lea Howland: Alright. I think we've got everybody. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Yep.
Dennis Kelleher: Hello!
Jessi Davidson: If.
Lea Howland: Hello!
Jessi Davidson: Be back in about half an hour.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, miss.
Lea Howland: Alright. Thank you for joining today. So we are going to cover our what we call our experiential and digital goals workshop. And really this is meant to be kind of like a middleman conversation between all of the audience workshops we have the executive vision workshop. We had
Lea Howland: and then a few other outputs, including the journey mapping session, which will happen directly right after this. It'll help feed into that conversation. But also the measurement plan that Chris and his team will be working on further down in the engagement. So really kind of just put all the pieces together of what we've heard what we're thinking for the journey flows.
Lea Howland: You know the different needs of content. We'll review that, and then also figure out all right. What's our ideal next step. We've covered that a bit. But understanding, what does that actually look like when we turn it into analytics reporting? So what will we need to start tracking.
Lea Howland: and it doesn't have to be super technical. We can just say, like, Hey, we need to ensure that, like the success of this journey is that we're capturing. Form fills here like, that's how we're gonna measure success. And we will also go over
Lea Howland: what it is to be successful for this journey, and then what also, we will consider failure for this journey, just to ensure that you know some things work for some companies, but not others. So just want to make sure that we have that all laid out. But before I get started I'm not entirely sure if you've met Chris on the call. I believe you've met Brian. We have Brian listening in, because she will be hosting the next session.
Lea Howland: But Chris.
Lea Howland: want to do a quick
Lea Howland: Hello.
Chris Vo: Yeah, I'll do a quick look. I'm also just.
Dennis Kelleher: Selling microphones.
Chris Vo: Was it? Yeah.
Lea Howland: Okay. Okay.
Chris Vo: Me and me and Jim have met but for the ones that that haven't met me. Hi, I'm Chris. Vo, I'm the associate director of digital analytics. I manage our behavioral analytics team here at valier.
Chris Vo: And I have been running point on this engagement when it comes to
Chris Vo: yeah, behavioral analytics. And considering Cdps.
Dennis Kelleher: Right. Oh, that's.
Lea Howland: Sorry we did have that analytics workshop last week. Oh, it's all blurring together all the time, so.
Dennis Kelleher: That last week.
Lea Howland: Was it last? Was it last week? Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: To almost
Dennis Kelleher: 2 weeks ago.
Dennis Kelleher: anyway, moving forward.
Lea Howland: All right.
Lea Howland: Let me see here. Sorry one second.
Lea Howland: Can you see my screen?
Lea Howland: Yep.
Lea Howland: awesome. Alright. Well, this was just to kind of do a quick overview of what we're doing. But again, we're trying to identify the trackable kpis that will be tied to these journeys to ensure success.
Lea Howland: So where I really want to start the conversation today is we haven't shown you exactly what we're thinking of using for the key jobs to be done. And so this is another reason why I have bran on the call, because she put these together, and we've had a few conversations internally. But you haven't seen these, but these really tie together everything that we've talked about, and all of the workshops thus far.
Lea Howland: So what we're considering for our top 6 journeys. That will be what we plan out on the website. So you'll see Brianne
Lea Howland: share key key areas of these and her journey mapping workshop. But we'll cover at a high level, because obviously, we want to be able to track against these. But what we're thinking is for the 1st one find a product near me. So this is users really looking for, like a C store or car near them that fits their specific needs. So again, like very straightforward like they are Googling like, where's a half years near me? Or they go to the site and try to find a location near them.
Lea Howland: Oh, someone's joined.
Dennis Kelleher: It's me. I'm just getting up so I can read it easier on my computer.
Lea Howland: No, you're totally fine.
Dennis Kelleher: You make that screen bigger than this? Oh, I'm sorry I should have done that. Probably help.
Dennis Kelleher: Oh.
Dennis Kelleher: he's gonna see what he's done.
Lea Howland: I don't know if I can zoom.
Dennis Kelleher: No, you're good. No, you're good.
Lea Howland: Okay, okay.
Lea Howland: the next one being evaluate residential hops offerings. So this is for prospects or current customers, really just looking to understand everything when it comes to your delivery services. Maybe maintenance services, installation services, explore educational content and really determine if they want to make a purchase or work with half nurse
Lea Howland: the next one is actually ordering the hop service or delivery. So at this point the user has already determined to make their 1st oil purchase. This might be a recurring purchaser or prospect customer. And they've already done their homework, and they're looking to make that action on the site or understand how to do so.
Lea Howland: The 4th one being learn about more about half nurse. This is all audiences we've talked about creating content or an area on the site that helps everybody understand your values. What services you have to offer again, what it, what it means with your community offerings and anything that somebody needs to understand like, what is hafners outside of? Just like, okay, I want to work with you guys. And then.
Dennis Kelleher: Real real, quick question. Before we jump off this, we have a foundation that we run. It's called the Kicks Foundation.
Dennis Kelleher: To me that would be a subset that comes off of this
Dennis Kelleher: and have its own
Dennis Kelleher: world to build. Ikf, if you just want to do it for
Dennis Kelleher: yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: ikf, I mean, that's where we we it. It ties into the values piece. But it then it really, here's what are the actions that we're doing and how we're reaching out to communities.
Lea Howland: Love that
Lea Howland: and that kind of leads into a little bit of like finding a new job. So some of this is supporting content for finding a new job, but we'll also have additional content in that journey as well. But really, this is a user looking to understand more about halfners why they want to work. There are the jobs available and the benefits associated.
Lea Howland: And then, lastly, that commercial offering, so evaluating commercial hops, offering. So if a user or business is looking to understand what you provide your delivery services, what types of fuel fuel you offer, what industries you support, testimonials.
Lea Howland: etc. So I do want to pause there and give you guys to kind of guys some time to digest what we are considering. The key journeys.
Lea Howland: any thoughts or 1st considerations about what we have here.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, this is great. Thank you. Where would
Dennis Kelleher: ordering a car wash membership fall into these categories.
Lea Howland: I would say, under evaluate like, learn more about halfners are finding your you. I believe we're considering. Oh, Brandon, site.
BreAnn Kopcza: Yeah, we we when we talk through the car, this fine product near me. We talked about the lead
BreAnn Kopcza: we use car wash as the example, knowing that it's 1 of the more complex
BreAnn Kopcza: versions of this, right? Like
BreAnn Kopcza: the like, there could be a very simply someone's just looking for a particular product, and they might not need to get much information from the site. But
BreAnn Kopcza: Car Wash has a number of different.
BreAnn Kopcza: maybe some additional steps with the membership involved. So that's actually the example we use in this 1st in this journey here, that's listed as fine product near me.
BreAnn Kopcza: And and talk through where that yeah, getting people familiar with the the car wash membership
BreAnn Kopcza: option.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, and I think I think it's
Dennis Kelleher: Bria again. I think, as we delve more into getting more to specific
Dennis Kelleher: specifics around what our C store offers. And as we get to being able to order online, pick up in store from a food perspective or anything else in the future state, right.
Dennis Kelleher: we would still all consider that under, you know, find X near me.
BreAnn Kopcza: Yeah, for sure.
Dennis Kelleher: Celsius find Coca-cola near me. I'm making it up.
Dennis Kelleher: We're gonna start tapping into some of those keywords of brands that we sell a lot of.
BreAnn Kopcza: Hmm.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay, just wanna make sure we're all speaking the same.
BreAnn Kopcza: Yeah, definitely. And we can talk through this in our our next conversation. I know it seems maybe seems like a little out of order some of the parts of the conversation. But I think we
BreAnn Kopcza: yeah, because we wanted to keep it high level enough that it's applicable to yeah, a lot.
Dennis Kelleher: Any problem.
BreAnn Kopcza: Scenarios. But yeah, but we but of course, would it be specific in the terms of like identifying the key opportunities through that journey? So, yeah, I definitely want to touch on that more in our next conversation.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, no, I agree.
Dennis Kelleher: Hey.
Lea Howland: So we'll start going into each of these different jobs to be done, and I have a handy table here. But I will zoom in in just a second. But really, for each of these different journeys want to go through, I've recapped what what we're trying to solve, for which we just walked through.
Lea Howland: I've already filled in some of the what I want to talk about the valuable content for this job, because we got a lot of that great content from the audience workshops. But then, again, going through, what does success look like? What does failure look like our ideal next step, which we already have some of the information for, and then ideal analytics which I've already taken a stab at as well.
Dennis Kelleher: Maria.
Lea Howland: Oh, go ahead!
Dennis Kelleher: Never mind. Oh, no, go ahead.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean, I think, referrals. If you go to the bottom again, I think that's something that we don't really capture today
Dennis Kelleher: under ideal
Dennis Kelleher: ideal. Next step is that it's referrals. Come in there, too.
Dennis Kelleher: Referrals. If we sort of create our own
Dennis Kelleher: affiliate network sports.
Lea Howland: That makes sense.
Lea Howland: Yeah, because ideally, we want to figure out alright. So what did it like? We can measure so much on the site. But what is it? What are the actual numbers? What are the actual Kpis that we'll be using to create these measurement plans to understand, you know, set our benchmarks figure out what successes, and then be able to like. Look a year from now. Alright! What's working? What's not working, or even sooner? You know and say, All right, like this journey. We need these Kpis versus the other. So
Lea Howland: okay.
Lea Howland: scrolling to the top, I will zoom in, because I know this is.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Lea Howland: Oh, I'm sorry. We just moved from Miro to lucid. So I struggle a little bit, still trying to get this to work. There we go
Lea Howland: all right. So, starting with finding a product near me that could be a C store or a car wash, or any other food need, or whatever that might be, we throwing together some ideas for ideal content? And this can be content that we already have or content that we want net new. I know we're going through that Raff is with, you know, figuring out like, keep just like, keep delete and modify
Lea Howland: but starting with what we've already talked about. So physical location listing, having a map having an actual page for a physical location, talking about the different services being offered, not just not just gas or car wash, but the food or anything else that you might want to portray for the different locations that membership content membership is spelled wrong.
Lea Howland: There we go. Thank you.
Lea Howland: Promotion. So that could be in store or website promotions that you want to showcase and then outdoor recreation fuel options. So this was seasonal, recreational vehicles. So those Atvs or boats, or whatnot, grill or propane, and then cross promotional content. Anything else that you're thinking of, or that we haven't covered yet that we definitely need for this specific journey.
Lea Howland: I know we went pretty in depth with the audience workshop, so I tried to capture everything from that.
Dennis Kelleher: Let's go through high like, let's start car, wash, are we hitting all the do we want to have the offers in car wash, you know, like ceramic coating and things like that. I don't want to get that specific on that. Some people may be looking for that. You never know
Dennis Kelleher: we have that we have it in all of ours.
Dennis Kelleher: What? I just don't think it's a point of difference. Oh, okay.
Dennis Kelleher: I don't think anyone I
Dennis Kelleher: would. Google Ceramic Coating Club near me.
Dennis Kelleher: in my opinion. But I could be.
Lea Howland: What is ceramic coating.
Dennis Kelleher: There you go. Thank you. Thank you.
Dennis Kelleher: Keeps all the dust and everything.
Lea Howland: That's what it's there.
Lea Howland: Okay.
Lea Howland: Now, I don't.
Dennis Kelleher: I was up for it.
Lea Howland: Meetings every day.
Lea Howland: So yeah, for car washes. So we have offers like locations. I would say memberships.
Dennis Kelleher: Are you looking for feedback from a Kpi standpoint, or like just really, what type of content are we looking.
Lea Howland: It can be any type of content, because that's gonna help me understand what you guys find valuable to start tracking. So depending.
Dennis Kelleher: Like.
Lea Howland: Content that we want to create net new, then it's like, all right. So then, for a Kpi would be membership sign ups or
Dennis Kelleher: So that's exactly right. Testimonials, right?
Dennis Kelleher: So like I, I think a good way to think of it. And I don't even know if I'm answering or providing the right feedback, but
Dennis Kelleher: in our in our current state right now. It's a real struggle to be able to see the attribution of the Kpis through kind of, you know, new new car wash memberships. How much sales are generated, like all of all of those Kpis that tie back into kind of media plans and things like that is definitely a high priority.
Dennis Kelleher: Is that the type of thing you're looking for.
Lea Howland: Yeah, that's what success looks like. So being able to capture attribution. So yeah, all this feedback is super helpful.
Dennis Kelleher: Right.
Dennis Kelleher: This is where we are
Dennis Kelleher: full attribution. We love it
Dennis Kelleher: like a real company.
Dennis Kelleher: We, if we have a
Dennis Kelleher: marketing stack that will support all that. Yes.
Dennis Kelleher: okay.
Dennis Kelleher: Offers location memberships, pricing testimonials.
Dennis Kelleher: Is anyone going to be looking for type of car? Wash, do they care about tunnel versus in Bay. Well, yeah, touchless. Some people are definitely specific about touchless. Touchless is a yeah, yeah.
Lea Howland: Type, options.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Lea Howland: What else to call that
Dennis Kelleher: Oh, it is!
Lea Howland: And then the same thing, for I would say.
Dennis Kelleher: Retail?
Dennis Kelleher: Or is it.
Lea Howland: So we.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, I guess we should separate fuel from retail, shouldn't we? Yeah, we can do it
Dennis Kelleher: feels probably easier.
Lea Howland: So.
Dennis Kelleher: Of you.
Lea Howland: Pricing types.
Dennis Kelleher: Do we want dynamic pricing on this?
Dennis Kelleher: That's gonna be a tough one. That is hard. We'll have to tap into our
Dennis Kelleher: pricing system.
Dennis Kelleher: Russ is against that, isn't it? Well, that's on the heating. This is on the retail side.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Oh, I think we got ourselves in trouble. Maybe doing that I think it's tough, because if it something goes wrong, it's like, well, you said it was this price, but now you're posting it. This you know what I mean. I feel like this could be a little bit of a yeah common pricing off. No, I don't see that for these same reasons you probably have a guess. It's just too variable can change in the day. Yep, oh, yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: absolutely.
Lea Howland: Well when it comes to.
Dennis Kelleher: Passing out.
Lea Howland: When it comes to pricing in my mind, it's what actions are they taking on the site for us to to understand their experience with the pricing being shown on the site. Is it that they're literally maybe, putting into a search toolbar pricing? Are they going to like comparison chart to understand pricing that you guys offer versus your competitors? Are they going through
Lea Howland: to certain pages? And so being able to track? All right, you know, are they finding the information that you're sharing valuable and taking action in that way. So when it comes to pricing, is it?
Lea Howland: you know, I guess in my mind. It's page engagement, but specific page engagement. So are we creating content that supports those different pricing models? Are we? If we have dynamic pricing on the site? Are they interacting with that?
Dennis Kelleher: I don't know. Anybody who's looking for pricing, I don't think are going is going to a website. They're going to gas buddy, or even Google will show it for you, you know. So I don't think that's really
Dennis Kelleher: what I don't see. Much engagement. I mean, what I'd rather talk about is our transparent pricing model, I mean transparency through and through in anything that we do. And this covers all the businesses. Transparency reliable.
Dennis Kelleher: See?
Dennis Kelleher: Clean, safe. Did you say safe, perfect.
Dennis Kelleher: safe. I think it's probably well lit. You know what I mean. I mean. I don't mean it's getting a little granular on the safe part. I think the image itself illustrate. It's a well lit site, right.
Lea Howland: And I do go into that a little bit on getting to know halfners, because I know you talked about wanting people to know that your bathrooms are always clean, and that you always have that transparency and trust within the store. So I know there are some like core tenants that we want to make sure that we include in the language as well.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Lea Howland: But understanding what success looks like for for this. So we're understanding all right. What behalf behaviors or actions are needed for this journey. So we're saying,
Lea Howland: being able to capture that full lifecycle attribution, being able to easily understand your pricing models, being able to easily make a decision when it comes to which locations, I would say those are pre or to visit. Those are easy successes. Is there anything else that you would consider core successes here visits to the store.
Lea Howland: I would.
Dennis Kelleher: It's directions or something
Dennis Kelleher: ordering
Dennis Kelleher: online, are we not there for phase one, we're not. That's why, no, it's we're not
Dennis Kelleher: set up for order online pickup in store. I think that will be there. We need that. It's in the roadmap.
Dennis Kelleher: I'm just trying to think
Dennis Kelleher: retail itself outside of fuel
Dennis Kelleher: from a valuable content.
Dennis Kelleher: Let me switch off for for Qsr.
Dennis Kelleher: Food service business car wash
Dennis Kelleher: reviews.
Dennis Kelleher: ratings and reviews. That's a good one.
Dennis Kelleher: Probably more an offsite piece. But.
Lea Howland: And you're that's through like Google, right? There's nowhere on the site. You'd want them to leave a leave, a review.
Dennis Kelleher: Or that's coming to our Facebook
Dennis Kelleher: or social sites. We talked about earlier. Yeah.
Lea Howland: Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: Better
Dennis Kelleher: ever
Lea Howland: I would say, purchase
Lea Howland: propane
Lea Howland: at store.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: yeah, that's cool.
Lea Howland: I would say, sign up for memberships
Lea Howland: or loyalty.
Dennis Kelleher: Hopefully eventually. And I think just basically insight. You know, you know.
Dennis Kelleher: conversion inside sales. If we're getting them from the fuel.
Dennis Kelleher: we've got to get them from the fuel pump into the store.
Lea Howland: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Right that that's where
Dennis Kelleher: that's where the
Dennis Kelleher: greater revenue stream is. Gonna come from this from inside store. So inside sales.
Lea Howland: So what would failure look like on the site for this? So if there's something that you would consider that like, oh, if they're going through this journey, and they leave to go do this. That's not what we want them to do.
Lea Howland: So saying, like, they're looking for a location obviously like drop off from the sites an easy one. But say, maybe they call in, or they fill out a form to make a purchase
Lea Howland: So
Lea Howland: cause we wanna make sure that we're providing the content in the right way for this journey to ensure that they don't drop off and leave to go somewhere else.
Dennis Kelleher: It'll finish a form. Yeah.
Lea Howland: But are we wanting them to fill out a form.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah on the car wash side, or even if it's, you know, if we still have the heating form, so they don't finish that either propane or heating oil form.
Dennis Kelleher: If we're going that route. Still, yeah.
Lea Howland: But at this point, if they are looking for a in store location, we're not expecting them to fill out a heating form. Correct? So would that be.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, that's in the next call there
Dennis Kelleher: failures or something that the user can do that you would consider a failure in this journey.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean, the the drop off is just obvious, right? So it's more. You're looking for specifics.
Dennis Kelleher: confusion like confuse and drop off, which leads to confusion. To drop off.
Lea Howland: And this one might be more.
Dennis Kelleher: Lower viewing time, I mean, you know, not being on the site long enough to
Dennis Kelleher: get through the parts that need to get through. I don't know. It's hard to say.
Chris Vo: Drop off like this is a tricky one to think about. But for an example like a a search.
Chris Vo: what's an what's an effective search. Right? It's when you just search once and you find the thing.
Chris Vo: If so, failure could look like. Oh, this person searched, you know, like X amount of times, and you know
Chris Vo: then Lincoln.
Dennis Kelleher: The results. Yeah.
Chris Vo: Or having to go through like 10 pages of results, you know. But this thinking about failure scenarios is a lot harder than thinking about what a success is.
Dennis Kelleher: Too many clicks. That's yeah, like, user can. Yeah, that's a good one.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean, right now.
Dennis Kelleher: what's our pain? Point in car wash? Because that's really the only thing.
Dennis Kelleher: is it one click, 2 click.
Dennis Kelleher: 3 click. We have an automatic response. If we can't get an automatic response back to customer.
Lea Howland: Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: I find the registration process just confusing in general on the site.
Dennis Kelleher: Oh, for anything you mean. Well, even for car wash.
Dennis Kelleher: So like membership signer drop off.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, again. Like, I think that's where I keep coming back, like we could say, drop off, or we could highlight all these different scenarios. But you can see when when is someone just saying, where are they both backing out right? And why, yeah.
Lea Howland: And so.
Dennis Kelleher: Optimistic.
Lea Howland: On to the ideal next step which we've already talked about is signing up for that membership. They visit a location
Lea Howland: again. These are success. But also, do we want to consider downloading the app a success or an ideal next step for this part of the journey, or is this too soon?
Dennis Kelleher: You can put in parentheses 2025, because it will be there.
Lea Howland: Okay.
Lea Howland: But I assume these are the 2 key next steps that we want for people. If they're looking for a location, if they're looking for an in store. We want them to sign up, or we want them to visit. There's no other or
Lea Howland: next steps.
Lea Howland: and there will be more in the other journeys. This one's kind of more straightforward. So
Lea Howland: because it is more of a location search. And then.
Dennis Kelleher: Missing anything from
Dennis Kelleher: Leah. Are we missing anything that you're
Dennis Kelleher: from your perspective? I mean.
Lea Howland: For the ideal next step.
Lea Howland: Well in my mind. So if a user is searching for location, and then they hit your website and they're looking for?
Lea Howland: Okay, one. Where do I go? But also, what am I? What is the offering at that location? I feel like we haven't talked about that a ton, but like what food is there? So we have it in the content. But what action are we wanting to take? I know, in an earlier conversation, we said, Do we want to have, like a Doordash link, or some type of or pre-order form for food? Do we want them to take action there? Do we want them.
Dennis Kelleher: That's another 20. What about what about
Dennis Kelleher: Like promotions and stuff like that? I think I'll live up top regardless. Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: meeting link in store.
Dennis Kelleher: So like the 3, like a a week super weedy, but like
Dennis Kelleher: $3 3 Celsius for $5. Like all of those types of things. Those are those things. Once we get the calendar, my hope is is that we can populate
Dennis Kelleher: at the top of the retail section. Agree. So should we capture it here, though, or is it not? Even? No.
Dennis Kelleher: can capture it.
Lea Howland: Is there any type of
Lea Howland: case where you might have people download coupons, or some type of thing for an in store
Lea Howland: need.
Dennis Kelleher: Maybe for maybe for car. Wash
Dennis Kelleher: QR. Code
Dennis Kelleher: download some QR codes.
Lea Howland: Yeah.
Lea Howland: cause I don't know. Is it by location, the management? Or there is there any case that there might be different stores for different locations, or anything
Lea Howland: locally required.
Dennis Kelleher: I don't think we can do. I don't think we can scan QR codes in our thing
Dennis Kelleher: or the car wash. It's usually a code. No, I mean for for car or for retail. If we gave them a you know something to go to the retail site, we'd have to bar codes. Yeah, whatever it is. Well, QR. Or
Dennis Kelleher: for everyone.
Dennis Kelleher: If they can give us their phone number, we can email them their.
Dennis Kelleher: we can text them there.
Dennis Kelleher: redeemable, redeemable code. Code.
Dennis Kelleher: That would be good for car wash. That's the way it would be good for car Wash. It'd be good for any of the other branches, too.
Dennis Kelleher: Capture email or phone number at least. Oh, yeah, it is. I think the phone number is easier.
Dennis Kelleher: We don't even have a capture email now. So so that is a very obvious one.
Lea Howland: So are we thinking for like capturing email phone number that would be in addition to signing up for the membership? Or is there like a are you wanting them to like sign up for email somewhere?
Dennis Kelleher: I'm just thinking in in just from what we listened to the last yesterday.
Dennis Kelleher: What's the the what's the least barrier for someone to get
Dennis Kelleher: onto a promotion. It's probably getting their phone number.
Dennis Kelleher: And then if we could capture their phone number, we could at least then SMS them.
Dennis Kelleher: Hey, thanks for this. You decided you wanted to get the 3 for 5, Celsius. I'm you know. Here's your coupon code, at least. Now we're starting to capture some additional data that may not be a full sign up
Dennis Kelleher: sort of a
Dennis Kelleher: A segmented
Dennis Kelleher: sign up.
Dennis Kelleher: We heard that, yeah, which is really a. It's a good idea.
Dennis Kelleher: How. So, though, what do you mean by that?
Dennis Kelleher: Because we're capturing just their phone number, not getting their email allowing us to if they opt in for our text messages
Dennis Kelleher: for any promotions, or at least perhaps
Dennis Kelleher: contributing to them getting into store right right or car wash.
Dennis Kelleher: and eventually, to. You know, if we do have a loyalty program, we've collected all the numbers now, right? And we can kind of push that out exactly. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: potentially. What's on the app. They get so many points on and promotions through there.
Dennis Kelleher: Email capture SMS for sign ups, right sign up for the latest promotions and half nurse.
Lea Howland: And that's 1 of the easy things like one of the things that we could track. So we have the sign up.
Dennis Kelleher: Exactly.
Lea Howland: The sign ups for SMS. We have location searches. So if they're actually searching certain locations, what's
Lea Howland: how many per location? Time.
Dennis Kelleher: One page.
Lea Howland: And then referrals which we mentioned earlier. I know we are a halfway through the meeting time, so I am gonna move on to the next one.
Dennis Kelleher: Why do you think we can do this? Why do you guys think we can do this in an hour.
Lea Howland: I know.
Dennis Kelleher: I was thinking that halfway through this I just
Dennis Kelleher: it can't just be us.
Lea Howland: I know, and it's hard.
Chris Vo: It's perfect.
Lea Howland: Because I feel like when we're in person, and have these conversations that flow so easily, and we can like whiteboard in person, and virtually.
Dennis Kelleher: Exactly a little bit more depth.
Lea Howland: Difficult.
Chris Vo: I've done a dozen.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Chris Vo: Or not felt rush at the end.
Dennis Kelleher: Here's what. What did you say.
Chris Vo: I've done like a dozen of these. I've never not felt rushed at the end.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: Me.
Jessi Davidson: That might have been helpful for the person.
Dennis Kelleher: No.
Jessi Davidson: Scheduling this.
Chris Vo: Sorry.
Dennis Kelleher: Did she jump back on.
Jessi Davidson: I did.
Lea Howland: Alright. So for the next journey we'll have a few more options when it comes to what we want to track, but evaluating the residential hops offering. So this is very broad, because there's so many different facets to this based on need.
Lea Howland: But again, this is the journey where users looking to learn more about your delivery services, installation, maintenance services which I know is content. We want to build out, explore educational content. So maybe safety information. Or maybe they're a new homeowner, and they've never had to buy fuel before, which would be me, I'd be looking for that type of content
Lea Howland: or you know, determining if they want to contact you for purchase, or maybe understanding how you guys compare to competitors, etc, etc. And so I have a lot of this slide out right here. So again, pricing content program offerings. You have both services overview educational materials.
Lea Howland: Delivery map. Which do we want to make that interactive or just still have an image. So again, that's something we could capture. For people are interacting with something
Lea Howland: process collateral. So how to work with you guys, competitor, comparison, content, and then installation, repair support options.
Dennis Kelleher: We already have the delivery map options we like.
Dennis Kelleher: So you can see where your driver is.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, that'd be cool, just like uber
Dennis Kelleher: right license plate. This is, this is steep. This is Jim D. Coming to deliver your fuel today.
Dennis Kelleher: This is what he looks like.
Dennis Kelleher: Policy is a problem.
Lea Howland: Is there any other content off the top of your head that you think I'm missing right here?
Dennis Kelleher: It says home only.
Lea Howland: Yeah, this is residential, only we have the commercial and separate.
Dennis Kelleher: Telling Sebastian just because he
Dennis Kelleher: he's been working on stuff program offerings, full service
Dennis Kelleher: rely. I mean, it's about reliable reliability. We come out during
Dennis Kelleher: whatever Mother Nature throws us. That's right.
Dennis Kelleher: or maybe not. Milton
Dennis Kelleher: trust enterprise, business.
Dennis Kelleher: right? We want to lean into some of those things that allow us to differentiate small mom and pops that testimonials, testimonials. That's kind of we're mirroring exactly the retail side. But I mean, it's good, though. I said this. Yeah, it should be the same way. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Yup, you gotta gain that trust all the way through. So it's trust through and through.
Dennis Kelleher: Power. Wash, what?
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: community? Well, I I guess it's can we start targeting if we're doing some community efforts.
Lea Howland: And that would be.
Lea Howland: And I do have community content under the learning about halfner section. So this is the content that they need to understand.
Dennis Kelleher: Over to it. Yeah.
Lea Howland: Yeah, they're your your actual services and what they would need for their home, or maybe how to contact you guys.
Dennis Kelleher: Did we put in their pricing? Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: yeah, the top
Dennis Kelleher: once we have to determine if we're going to do that.
Dennis Kelleher: But again, our fair pricing. Nothing's.
Dennis Kelleher: you know, fair pricing model. A transparent yep.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay, yeah.
Lea Howland: So I
Lea Howland: Oh, go ahead.
Dennis Kelleher: Nope, go ahead!
Lea Howland: So when we consider success for this, after someone's gone through all this content and ensuring that we have the content in the right way to make them to have them
Lea Howland: make, take action. We want them to
Lea Howland: be able to understand the halfner's value. Be able to understand why you guys are different. That goes through tone of voice. So the language around the trust reliability? But what else would you guys consider success for this? So, I think, making a purchase moving on to the next journey, which is the actual purchase journey.
Lea Howland: But
Lea Howland: decide.
Dennis Kelleher: So we're separating the 2.
Lea Howland: Yes. So the action, the 1st action, or the sorry. The 1st journey is more of doing the educational research into what you guys offer the different services making that decision, and the second one could be recurring people as well. So people who are just coming to the site directly to make a quick purchase versus people who have already gone through the journey of understanding. Maybe they're their 1st time buyer. Brand you correct me if I'm wrong if I've missed anything in that differentiation.
Dennis Kelleher: That's what I was thinking. Do we have enough here that supports prospects versus existing.
Lea Howland: For understanding the services.
Dennis Kelleher: Understanding the differences
Dennis Kelleher: of what gets shown up, because we did try to say, if you're in Newark.
Dennis Kelleher: one of the
Dennis Kelleher: cause, we do a horrible. We do a horrible job right now with that. Oh, no clicking a box saying existing, or or, you know, new. Are you new? Yeah
Dennis Kelleher: and a half nurse. Right? Right? I mean, I feel like we should have something that this is like. If
Dennis Kelleher: if you want to learn more about Halfner's, here's your email address and phone number, and we'll get you know what I mean, kind of collecting that information again. I think a lot of people are hesitant to sit there, and they don't know enough about it. We would bounce them to the about, and then we've got to get them back to the order
Dennis Kelleher: in my perspective. Because if I'm gonna do, I'm gonna like, what is what is half knows about never heard of them.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah. Okay. Oh, my God, they look like there's me in the space
Dennis Kelleher: right. They're gonna keep me safe da da da da da.
Lea Howland: There can be certain ways that we portray that content on the page without having to jump them around the about to the about section just determining like, do we want to do it? Based on industry, for instance, for the commercial pages, like having some of the testimonials there, or you know what makes hackers different? But ensuring that we're not duplicating the content. I know in some areas on the site like we have safety information that's duplicate across the navigation. So just ensuring that it's more of
Lea Howland: You know how we portray that in in the right way. So I'm thinking for success here. We understand the value we they decide to make a purchase. I would say. Success is
Lea Howland: reaching out to your customer service department if needed. For more information. But I would assume that we'd want them to come more informed. So rather than people cold calling into your Service Department. They already have a lot of the information they need, and so they have more direct questions. I would say, success here is understanding how to work with you guys. So it's more direct methods of purchase
Lea Howland: understanding that like, they could use the app, for instance, rather than having to worry about certain other areas.
BreAnn Kopcza: Do we? Actually, I have a question there, because I remember us talking about this from a commercial standpoint that, like we want, we want more people to to contact halfners in general. And it it's not necessarily a concern that they're as informed as they can be. We really just want people to indicate interest. So to some. So so to some degree like, yes, Leah's right. But I think I'm trying to. I'm trying to think about like
BreAnn Kopcza: in the grand scheme of things like, what's the biggest challenge we're trying to solve here? Is it like we just want more people to reach out and get in that pipeline
BreAnn Kopcza: because then it's like.
Dennis Kelleher: No!
Dennis Kelleher: Oh.
BreAnn Kopcza: Go ahead!
Dennis Kelleher: No, you're right, I think at the end of the day it's it's generating. More leads to the sales team.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, no, this isn't sales team. Well, I guess that's what I was trying to get. Is that the next one, or is it this one sales team is for commercial support team. Well, right? Right? If it's not sales goes to customer service. Yeah, exactly. So we're still generating leads. You're right. We're doing that. I think it goes in both parts. Yeah. And we, we have to be cognizant that we have a lot more locations of pops, consumers.
Dennis Kelleher: tech stores
Dennis Kelleher: to help fulfill and cross pollinate.
Dennis Kelleher: So when I look at our hops and our stores, we can reach some a lot of our we've got, I mean, we're starting to grow in areas where we're not going to have retail. Correct, correct? Yes, that we don't. Currently, we're not distributing there. So that's true.
Dennis Kelleher: We're gonna have to be cognizant of. I I guess it'll be. Where's my closest halfner store near me?
Dennis Kelleher: It's 25 miles away.
Lea Howland: So what would we consider failure for this journey? Let's say, confusion around the service offerings.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Lea Howland: Can showcase as like
Lea Howland: frustration clicks on the site or drop offs from certain pages.
Dennis Kelleher: I guess I look at this. Anybody who comes to this part of the page should just read should be able to read it. Look and go. I want to be put. I want to be
Dennis Kelleher: part of this company. You know what I mean. Like I want to be. I want to be. I I want my services to come from there.
Dennis Kelleher: So whether I'm heating or whatever it is, you know. So yes, exactly on a difference, yeah, beyond price should be. Yes, exactly. It should be convincing enough to be like, hey? So to me, failures like anybody who drop. I know it's unrealistic, but anybody who decides not to go with us. That's a failure to me. That's the drop off. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, or what are we learning, or how many times does it need to take?
Dennis Kelleher: Cause? It might be. I mean, it's a decision people are throwing at us a lot of money. So I don't think we're always going to be one hit one, or they're gonna be bouncing back and forth doing their own homework and saying, You know what I'm gonna go back to half nurse right? Or do we have the opportunity to say, Hey, we recognize you've been in our site. Boom!
Lea Howland: A returning visitor.
Dennis Kelleher: Correct, returning. Welcome back! Hey! Where are you going? The welcome back scenario. Did you forget something also thinking of that? Obviously you didn't want to stay warm this winter. Sorry. What's the matter with you? No.
Lea Howland: I would also say, success here might also moving back up. Is signing up for email. I know we've considered some type of email push in the future, or growing that you know chain.
Dennis Kelleher: Think that's across the board. See theme across? All
Dennis Kelleher: the ones can go right down the line, don't they?
Dennis Kelleher: And the reality is we're gonna have to segment and have commercial emails. Now that
Dennis Kelleher: once once we're to categorize for the segmentation.
Lea Howland: So when that turns into actionable things that we want them to do on the site which will turn into a report, so form fills are calling in for a way to contact portal login is a good way to measure if they've made a decision here. And then also, I wasn't sure. I know. Part of this is the repair installation information that we want to share and broaden that out quite a bit. Is there a certain process we wanna have as that flow? Are we trying to have them call into a different number, fill out a different form.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, I don't know if it's like a separate download or something, maybe that they click on, that we can measure, or something we never going to be in a place where it's just be able to order and like, order your oil ideally. We'd love to get them over to an app or to the portal like. That's the ideal. The problem is, we have so many will call customers that just aren't into that. You know, we have such legacy customers. Shouldn't we want to at least have that for the future? Oh, totally. Yeah, yeah. I agree. I'm not disagreeing with you. It's just when do we cut off and say, Hey, those who are not gonna do that?
Dennis Kelleher: Sorry.
Dennis Kelleher: you know, they're not gonna just say in the portal.
Lea Howland: Those that are looking to get, perhaps some type of maintenance repair, or maybe an outdoor heating source that they have or Hvac system. How do we want them to engage with the site we want them to call in? Is there a form that we wanna consider.
Dennis Kelleher: Surely
Dennis Kelleher: so sorry to back up before we go there.
Dennis Kelleher: So all at the end of the day we want. We don't want people to be ordering online and just having that more of like a convenience convenience factor. Because we're saying that's the easiest way for them to manage it over there.
Dennis Kelleher: everything going through the portal. They do it very manually in my fuel portal. Yeah, the my fuel portal ultimately. That's where we'd like to everyone to be.
Dennis Kelleher: But right now people filling out form is a very manual task for them. But if it gets filled out, can't we? Can't we pop up, you know
Dennis Kelleher: whether it's the usual ios or android to get to our fuel portal
Dennis Kelleher: for easier access? Of course. Yeah, I I guess I'm just fundamentally just like, don't we want them to be able to come here and just do what they want to do? Yeah, which ultimately is the order
Dennis Kelleher: fuel, right?
Dennis Kelleher: A lot of our services are like, call us, call us, call us like form. Fill, call in for me personally. I want to just be able to go there and do it. I don't want to talk to anyone, nobody. But if you're a new customer you may have to, because things have to be ordered. You have to get your tanks checked and things like that. That's that's what I'm saying. So there is a reason to have that right. I'm just saying we're not capturing actual unless I'm not reading it correctly.
Lea Howland: This also isn't deciding the final. What that experience is gonna look like on the site. We haven't completely designed that out yet. I know we've kind of gone back and forth. And if we want, we want to have a form, or we want to force people into a portal login to be able to fill out a form, or, you know, cutting off people's ability to like fill out like a Pdf. And send an effect like, I know there's so many different methods of like what we're trying to change here.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Lea Howland: This isn't deciding that experience. This is more of like, all right. This the form bill could be an email sign up or having them sign up to be able to access the portal. Not necessarily the current form that we have here. So I'm just trying to think of. You know what are the actions that we want to measure? And you know I'm not saying that this is going to keep the
Lea Howland: the process the same as we have. Now, that will change. I'm assuming
Dennis Kelleher: Let me ask a question. This is probably more, for Dennis is.
Dennis Kelleher: could we get to a point where, if people are doing will call
Dennis Kelleher: could they come in and just sign up, and they know their gallons, and they put in their credit card and we fill it. That's what I'm asking?
Dennis Kelleher: No, because people still pay with checks, and we allow them to pay with checks future state. I'm not saying getting rid of anything. I'm just talking future state. Could I go on there?
Dennis Kelleher: And I populate my credit card in there and say how many gals you need?
Dennis Kelleher: I need between 9 and 100 100. And whatever it is, we essentially have that for the, for the portal, for people who are signed up for the portal we have that they can go in and order that way and pay their bill that way, and the credit cards on file. Why would we not want it on here?
Dennis Kelleher: We could have it on. There. Just be the back end of it, though, you know you're just accessing the portal. That's how they do it now, though. So they go into the portal. Now they can log in, and they get their portal, and they get their account and everything.
Dennis Kelleher: Janet Reese and I never ordered from half nurse, and I'm gonna be here for the winter, and I want to fill it up. And I want half nurse. I've heard amazing things about it. Can I go in there, Janet Reese? My address? Blah blah!
Dennis Kelleher: Order it right then and there, and put a credit card in and be done? No, for 2 reasons is because someone's gonna have to contact you because they have to inspect your tax.
Dennis Kelleher: So that has to be part of the process that we illustrate up top, too. Yeah, right? I think we have that in there, though we have that we have that in one of the things there, the process.
Dennis Kelleher: and the other thing is in order to become a portal login. So if you're a new customer, if you're a new customer, there's a lot of steps that have to be taken. What about customer existing customer? You can go in there, and you can put in your gallons and stuff on the form, or you can use the portal.
Dennis Kelleher: so you can do that.
Dennis Kelleher: That's the they may ask how many in your tank now? So they know what to bring to you. You know there's a few questions that they have to ask, right? So just because of the nature of the
Dennis Kelleher: of the product that we deliver. We can't. Just. It's not like, I'm calling Amazon saying, Hey, can you? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Unfortunately, right for existing customers it can be, though, if I'm kind of yeah. But you have to fill in a couple of things. I want to know just a few other things, how much is in the tank right now. And they, you know. So and the access levels and stuff. So there are just a couple of things you have to do.
Dennis Kelleher: Do. Some people have it on file. So it's okay, you know, that's mostly the Portal people. Yes, and I get it, I guess where I was coming from is for prospects. There's a lot of things that are needed, but once you're in.
Dennis Kelleher: it should just be. If you can want at me personally as a consumer, I want to self manage that? Yeah, right, but not everybody.
Dennis Kelleher: So so what we need on this side is the portal signed the log into your portal, which is really log into your loyalty. Membership? Right? Yeah, yeah, more, more or less. Yeah, yeah, yes, exactly. Yep.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: do we have that captured that? We still need that port because we have it. Now, don't we? The fuel portal? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We're gonna need the port. Yeah. We have it captured here that I need portal login. Yeah.
Lea Howland: So are we
Lea Howland: having everybody, both returning, and new customers have to purchase oil through the portal. Login? Is that where we landed, or is there still.
Dennis Kelleher: It's still.
Lea Howland: Nexus.
Dennis Kelleher: It's still gonna be a contact. There's still a form there's still, unfortunately, still got to be forms. In addition to the portal login.
Lea Howland: But they could go
Lea Howland: to purchase oil both ways if they wanted. It's just.
Dennis Kelleher: Yes.
Lea Howland: 2 different.
Dennis Kelleher: It's an option.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay? So they can purchase through the form online, or they can go into the portal log in through the portal and purchase their oil
Dennis Kelleher: if they're signed up for the port, right for those who are not.
Dennis Kelleher: which is the majority of our customers, they do it on.
Dennis Kelleher: How do we do it with those automatics
Dennis Kelleher: automatically? Don't have to do anything because we have the. We have the tanks and we deliver when we know it gets low. So we don't do anything for them. Ideally, ideally, you want everybody on auto delivery. That's a big thing about automation that we didn't really add, to make sure we're talking about why automatic matters. Oh, yeah, that's that's definitely a a point from a content perspective. Right?
Dennis Kelleher: Auto delivery. Yeah. Auto delivery. I actually feel like this is all important discussion, though. So this is huge. You want to get more automatic.
Dennis Kelleher: right? We want less. We'll call more automatic and make it easy on you. We have to illustrate why, it's easy.
Dennis Kelleher: You'll never run out right.
Lea Howland: So
Lea Howland: what do we want that experience to look like for people who are looking to get something repaired?
Lea Howland: Are we wanting them to have.
Dennis Kelleher: Totally different.
Dennis Kelleher: I know.
Lea Howland: So.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, that's a different use case altogether. We don't have a form for that. That's more of a. It's always been a call in. But we could. But I'm not saying we can't. I'm saying it's always been a call in. That's the current state. It's been some of the newer guys I've used in recent
Dennis Kelleher: monster. When I got the house was like.
Dennis Kelleher: everything was online, maybe. And I think that's probably the way for us to go definitely. That's yeah. And we have to. And that's probably a, and that's a discussion that we probably need to have with hops on how to set that up. They can call in or sign up. Tell us your problem like.
Dennis Kelleher: what equipment is it? What do you think? Yeah, right.
Dennis Kelleher: That's another way to help with leads. If it's urgent, totally right, then you can grab those in
Dennis Kelleher: right.
Lea Howland: So actual ways to track. That is, page engagement, education, engagement. When it comes to all the content. Earlier in the list, portal logins form completions
Lea Howland: and then calls to customer service, and I'm assuming we'd probably want to do form completions before and after portal
Lea Howland: to see
Lea Howland: how many people are going to the portal to
Lea Howland: complete those forms versus those who are doing it before login.
Dennis Kelleher: Like, how much is the site driving into the portal.
Dennis Kelleher: Versus portal direct.
Dennis Kelleher: because and.
Lea Howland: In my mind, it would.
Dennis Kelleher: Absolutely. I agree.
Dennis Kelleher: yeah, absolutely. That makes sense.
Lea Howland: Yeah, cause, a future state would ideally having the same experience to be able to complete that action. So you know, if people want to repurchase oil. They they know to always go to the portal login, or, you know, etc, etc.
Lea Howland: Okay, we are 5min short of time, and we got through 2 of the journeys.
Lea Howland: so
Lea Howland: I.
BreAnn Kopcza: Yeah, I'm I'm throwing it out there that I'm happy to relinquish some user journey time, because
BreAnn Kopcza: it's actually it's actually pretty.
BreAnn Kopcza: But like, like. At least today, we can certainly go over like, what does everything look like in terms of how we've articulated, how we've mapped it out.
BreAnn Kopcza: Some of it, I think, is gonna take like some just individual like, look at the map, and it isn't necessarily helpful to look at it altogether. So I'm just throwing that out there, Leah, you can decide what to do with that.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, in.
BreAnn Kopcza: What you want for your business.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, Leah, the other, the other thing is, you could release this form to us, and we could at least try to self populate as the discussions. Now that we've got a little bit of
Dennis Kelleher: rigor behind us, we're debating here and there. And you guys are listening unless it helps. You guys understand
Dennis Kelleher: sort of the complexity of the business. I don't wanna take away if this is helpful for you as well.
Lea Howland: I.
Jessi Davidson: I just wanna I just wanna add in there, though, like
Jessi Davidson: in consideration, if you're new, does this homework understanding when you would have that back to us just because the measurement plan that Chris will be working with with chip on can't start until we have this done.
Jessi Davidson: whereas the journey mapping doesn't have any dependencies on it.
Dennis Kelleher: Let's keep going. I was, gonna say, why don't we just keep cracking with this? You just answered our question.
Dennis Kelleher: but I don't know if Leah's got time. So true.
Lea Howland: I have time. I just.
Jessi Davidson: Leah was on. Leah was on the other call. Anyway.
Lea Howland: Yeah, I was.
Dennis Kelleher: Oh! Oh!
Chris Vo: I don't know.
Dennis Kelleher: There you go!
Jessi Davidson: Yeah, Chris, Chris, is the question.
Chris Vo: I have
Chris Vo: at 3.
Lea Howland: You do.
Jessi Davidson: Do we want to just say, I think we could.
Chris Vo: I mean, we're recording this. I can just watch the last bit.
Lea Howland: Okay.
Lea Howland: do we want to take a quick 5min break, or just keep going through.
Dennis Kelleher: Let's keep going. Oh, we need a 5min break.
Lea Howland: Oh, no, I'm fine. I got my water. I'm good.
Lea Howland: Okay.
Jessi Davidson: 8 lunch while y'all were working. So I'm good.
Dennis Kelleher: Thank you.
Lea Howland: R
Lea Howland: we did. We have already started talking about this a little bit. I know we were going back and forth on what the difference is between
Lea Howland: top service.
Lea Howland: So this is.
Lea Howland: I would consider one of the most straightforward journeys. This person has already made a decision on what they want to do, they're either returning or a new customer. So they've decided to make that purchase whether it be go into what we just discussed with the portal again, or fill out a form directly on the site. So the Content really needed for this group is pricing whether that be directly in the navigation like we have it now.
Lea Howland: or some form of a page to showcase different pricing options, whether that be dynamic and then I already had in here that new form process which we were just talking about. So what does that new form process look like? Whether it be pre populated if they're a returning user in some way, so they don't have to refill out their say, their address or whatnot
Lea Howland: or just pushing them to the portal login. But I would consider that those kind of the key OP. Needs for this this consideration. Anything else that you guys would consider core needs for this journey.
Dennis Kelleher: I think it's a
Dennis Kelleher: like a welcome to the family like.
Dennis Kelleher: yeah. Boom, welcome. Thank
Dennis Kelleher: thank you for joining Hafner's welcome to the family.
Dennis Kelleher: because they're making a commitment right?
Dennis Kelleher: And we want to try to start retaining them and engaging them in a way that says we would see them absolutely.
Lea Howland: Like a post purchase email is what you're thinking
Lea Howland: are actually on the site.
Dennis Kelleher: It could be
Dennis Kelleher: combination of the 2. Here's our commitment to you. Yeah, here's our commitment to you.
Dennis Kelleher: The donkey's kicking its legs up the whole time. I don't know whatever
Dennis Kelleher: I don't know.
Lea Howland: Like a success. Page after purchase, like with.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, you know, it's a. It is a pretty big commitment. Yeah.
Lea Howland: So for success here, I would say.
Dennis Kelleher: Car wash you send them a car wash, too.
Dennis Kelleher: So yeah, let's just saying we could send them a free car wash if they're within a car wash area, we would send them a free car, wash or 20 cents off gallon gas, you know. We could send them a promotional item to start tying them in right.
Dennis Kelleher: Good catch.
Dennis Kelleher: I think it'd be good to introduce them to other things. We have like service contracts and things like that. So after they've made their oil purchase propane purchase. Yeah. So so when we send them an email, we also offer these things right? So it's given them that whatever it is that we're doing it. Maybe that's more an email side than it is on the yeah, right? But that can all be all automated. And exactly, yeah, it is
Dennis Kelleher: again coming back to the consistent themes of email capture and all of that on boarding.
Dennis Kelleher: because the cross promotion is so easy through all that automation.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean, and also I mean, we keep coming back to free car wash. But the end of the day, like, I think, that's super underutilized that we should really, really, because you, you give them one. It's like.
Dennis Kelleher: sign them up for membership. But track before you buy it. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: is the that could be in store items, too. We could do that as well. Coupons, I mean the the cross promotion is endless.
Lea Howland: So that's kind of what I'm I put down for success. I was listening to what you guys were saying. So for success of this journey they're quickly able to make a purchase new interest and wanting to visit the an actual store or go to the car wash, based on the promotion, perhaps, that they receive and then.
Dennis Kelleher: Also.
Lea Howland: Visit cross promotion content on site after purchase. So maybe they purchase their oil, and they're like, let me see what else Hafners has to offer you know, to see what I can do for my home.
Lea Howland: I mean.
Dennis Kelleher: I think it's getting to it.
Dennis Kelleher: A chewy or farmer's dog experience, or something like that have pets or anything right? Right? That's a they're great experience. It's a great place to be right
Dennis Kelleher: and say, Sign up.
Dennis Kelleher: that's some shit we send them.
Lea Howland: So what would we consider failure for this journey? I would say, confusion around, how do you actually purchase at this point?
Lea Howland: I would say difficulty around filling out the forms.
Dennis Kelleher: Remember.
Dennis Kelleher: Oops, that's done.
Lea Howland: I would say, mid form drop off.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: early, mid late.
Dennis Kelleher: I.
Lea Howland: I would say, increased calls to customer service around how to purchase.
Dennis Kelleher: That's a good one.
Dennis Kelleher: can't. It? Can't be any worse than it is now.
Dennis Kelleher: I don't know what you're talking about.
Dennis Kelleher: What do they sell
Dennis Kelleher: increased calls complaints. Anything like that social.
Dennis Kelleher: you know, reviews
Dennis Kelleher: complaints where we have to react to
Dennis Kelleher: so any of them, so that could be on any of the buckets right?
Dennis Kelleher: Very universal as they're going through this.
Dennis Kelleher: all of our stuff.
Dennis Kelleher: Right. They they suck.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean.
Dennis Kelleher: well, it's just it gets into communities, and it spreads
Dennis Kelleher: absolutely. All it takes is one. You know.
Dennis Kelleher: You know, the government controls, weather
Dennis Kelleher: seeding our Clothes.
Dennis Kelleher: You can read.
Lea Howland: So for the actions that we want to actually measure. So the this is the the buy. Now.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Lea Howland: Alex.
Dennis Kelleher: Or whatever it says, enroll.
Dennis Kelleher: we'll figure that out.
Lea Howland: I'm close.
Dennis Kelleher: Thank you.
Lea Howland: You're welcome.
Lea Howland: I would say.
Lea Howland: Any any form of like pricing page engagement.
Dennis Kelleher: We can't see the last. We can't see up topic.
Lea Howland: Oh, I'm sorry.
Dennis Kelleher: Feel like, snaps. Okay.
Lea Howland: We're on the ideal next step. So I actually skipped ahead. I was messed up myself.
Lea Howland: So we want them to
Lea Howland: like by now. Oh, my gosh! You guys.
Dennis Kelleher: We're all in the same.
Lea Howland: Together. We're on.
Dennis Kelleher: That's right, that's right. You should do this for 3h.
Lea Howland: Complete a form. We want them and then, so ideally, this is almost like the ideal end stage is is getting them to actually make that purchase. So after making a purchase, we want them to perhaps engage in other channels.
Lea Howland: We want them to visit the store.
Dennis Kelleher: Call customer service email customers, email submissions. Yeah, we get those a lot. Thank you for. Blah blah, what category you want to get? I totally forgot about hops again.
Lea Howland: We are. Yeah, we're on. Make a purchase for residents. So.
Dennis Kelleher: For residential homes. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: do we want to steer them towards? Well, I think this is probably gonna be something different, the future state. But towards the portal
Dennis Kelleher: to sign up on the portal. So it makes it easier.
Dennis Kelleher: Success could be portal sign up. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Do we already have them?
Dennis Kelleher: We're very confused.
Lea Howland: Sorry. Sorry. It's okay.
Dennis Kelleher: I was in the bathroom I came back up.
Lea Howland: Oh, we didn't have Portal sign up for success. That is super helpful. And then
Lea Howland: or we can measure that.
Dennis Kelleher: Next steps.
Lea Howland: As
Lea Howland: the actual.
Dennis Kelleher: We don't see any of it.
Lea Howland: Sorry I'm not.
BreAnn Kopcza: I'm seeing the sorry I'm missing the app.
BreAnn Kopcza: did we? Isn't that part of the
BreAnn Kopcza: ideal experience.
Dennis Kelleher: It's the portal. Sorry. That's the portal. Sign up my Google portal app. So yes, it is an app. Yeah. Okay.
BreAnn Kopcza: It could be so.
Dennis Kelleher: Fuel, app.
BreAnn Kopcza: Okay, but you don't have to have the app. You could do it.
BreAnn Kopcza: or you could do. Oh, yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Rather increase it. Kafner's my fuel portal app.
Dennis Kelleher: which is is generic.
Dennis Kelleher: It's really user friendly.
Dennis Kelleher: It's not that bad.
Lea Howland: So to.
Dennis Kelleher: Pleasure, that.
Lea Howland: If we would say portal sign ups I would say portal logins versus calling in.
Lea Howland: I would say, actual purchases.
Dennis Kelleher: Best success? Are we on successes.
Lea Howland: So we.
Dennis Kelleher: We are.
Lea Howland: We're on.
Dennis Kelleher: Those ideal analytics.
Lea Howland: Dealer analytics. So we covered successes. We listed off quickly, being able to make a purchase. New interest in wanting to visit the C store, visit cross promotion content, and then portal sign up app usage, I just added, and then.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay. The one thing I I think we should add, is, they sign up for autumn auto, pay, auto, pay, auto delivery auto delivery.
Dennis Kelleher: Sorry.
Lea Howland: You're fine.
Dennis Kelleher: Thought we captured them didn't capture it in the other one. I don't. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: actually, you're right. You're right.
Lea Howland: So that, yeah, so this is really meant to be like at at time of purchase, what are we wanting them to do? They've already considered. So does auto pay happen at time of purchase. Yes, so when they're filling out the form.
Dennis Kelleher: Right. It may end up.
Dennis Kelleher: They get 2 deliveries, and they'll say, screw it. I want to just do auto.
Dennis Kelleher: You know what I mean.
Lea Howland: It's the wind.
Dennis Kelleher: Which is a win. That's future state. Yeah.
Lea Howland: And then, so we have failure looking like confusion around how to make a purchase difficulty filling out the forms, mid form drop off, increased calls.
Lea Howland: complaints, poor word of mouth!
Lea Howland: And then so the next step. So after they, after they make a purchase, or after quick consideration, we are
Lea Howland: going to move this because this is I was confused myself. This goes into actual.
Dennis Kelleher: For your last point you've been trying to
Dennis Kelleher: for existing to cross, promote the auto
Dennis Kelleher: auto like in the experience, cross promote auto in the experience. Right? Are you sure you don't want this? Right? Do you know, do you know, here are the benefits of it? Yeah. Is that captured? It is in the form. Yeah, you can. You can choose it, but I don't know if it's it's not served up. As to why it's good. You have to go search for it in the pages above. Right? That'll change. But I think there is something just, you know, you know there should be. It's a peace of mind. Yeah, right? Right?
Dennis Kelleher: And we should
Dennis Kelleher: over promote that. Yeah, right?
Dennis Kelleher: That's what we want ultimately.
Dennis Kelleher: And I think we captured that.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah. Somewhere in there, on one of the steps.
Lea Howland: What was that? Sorry I was cleaning up what I had written?
Dennis Kelleher: He was just talking about how we should be pushing. It's almost like cross. It's cross selling
Dennis Kelleher: auto pay to existing users because of. Here's why it's like, Well, you know you could. I mean, that's where you could say, Hey, you would get an additional 5 cents off each. Yeah. And I think we. I think when the discounts come out we are going to have that. So I don't think we do a good job of that now. They're developing those. Still, we're all saying the same thing. Yep.
Dennis Kelleher: Next bucket.
Dennis Kelleher: Sorry.
Lea Howland: These ideas are helpful. I just put them in whatever wherever they need to go, so as long as we write them down, it's helpful to have as we start planning out what that actual journey, what what it actually looks like on the site.
Lea Howland: So for the analytics side. So the Kpis. We want to measure for this journey, I'm saying, portal logins versus calling in actual ports portal signups, if they're new purchases by now clicks and form completions.
Lea Howland: I believe those would probably capture everything around purchases successfully.
Lea Howland: Okay.
Lea Howland: so we are now halfway through.
Lea Howland: so this one is an area that I did have a few more questions on around what we consider success for this journey. So this is learning more. About half, nurse. I'm going to zoom in a little bit. So you guys can read this. I know it's small.
Lea Howland: So this is all of the content that a user is going to to understand who you are. Your business values, what you have to offer, why they should choose Halfner. So it's kind of considered that classic more like about me section on the page, maybe, or what you do for your community. I know you also mentioned the the was the ikf it Kickstar nation.
Dennis Kelleher: Foundation yep.
Lea Howland: Okay. So I'm gonna add that in here as well.
Dennis Kelleher: So obviously, safety is important, too. Do we talk about the fam like the family value at all
Dennis Kelleher: our core values? Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: no, that could be. Yeah. It should be definitely part of our core tenants. Yeah, yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: And safe and safety. Yup.
Dennis Kelleher: yeah, it's part of our safety needs its own segment of
Dennis Kelleher: being an Sme in the space dovetail. Out of that go deeper in there.
Dennis Kelleher: It's a big focus. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: it's a huge huge priority.
Dennis Kelleher: We sell things that go boom.
Dennis Kelleher: Here's how we're doing it safely
Dennis Kelleher: where he was backing up, and I was like all he needs to do is take a 1 run, and I am done for it.
Dennis Kelleher: That's catchy. It is. Hope you're a good near neighborhood.
Dennis Kelleher: We were also.
Lea Howland: Talking internally. I know. I think it's Bucky's that has like a page on the site that says they want awards for how clean their bathrooms are.
Dennis Kelleher: And so.
Lea Howland: We were kind of thinking of. You know. What? What is the way that we could have fun with that information as well on your site and being able to showcase like, here's the things that like people always talk about like we always know to stop at a half nurse on our trip because we can trust that you guys are clean, or we can under trust that you guys have a safe location or that we're not going to be accosted anywhere. So I think that kind of comes down to also, like the family values, some level.
Dennis Kelleher: That's like the aspect.
Dennis Kelleher: Know what costing going on here.
Dennis Kelleher: We promote no accosting going on here. Yeah.
Lea Howland: Tagline. You're welcome. I'll be here all day.
Dennis Kelleher: The end of the day, you know. It's getting a little punchy now.
Lea Howland: Community involvement. So that could be, I was thinking, well, I we've also seen a couple of like the location pages where some companies offer specifically to that location what you do within that community space there, or we can do more globally or like I guess regionally.
Dennis Kelleher: Interesting to me. But
Dennis Kelleher: but looking at it from, you know, a site perspective, what we do?
Dennis Kelleher: That's it. Positive meaning from a testimonial standpoint.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, I'm just trying to figure something like that.
Lea Howland: Bye.
Dennis Kelleher: We don't have anything best, this or anything. We don't have any of those things yet to really be able to say Yay, you know. I mean, we're working towards those, but we just don't have anything really.
Lea Howland: You can quote me, and I'll just say that you have the best clean bathrooms, and just say Leah says so. I think that works
Dennis Kelleher: Claimed.
Lea Howland: I was.
Dennis Kelleher: I'm also thinking.
Lea Howland: I wasn't sure if there were certain locations that maybe participate in certain community events or things that you want to promote locally to certain areas, or like how to get involved with your local halfners. For you know.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, that should be under the it kicks foundation for the side of things which fall in. We do other things, too, though we do other things. Yeah. But there's sponsorships that we do.
Dennis Kelleher: Kind of, yeah, I guess. So, yeah, like, there's still community events, though, like done the pumpkin regatta up in Goffs Town few years in a row. And
Dennis Kelleher: it's just small things like that of part of the community.
Dennis Kelleher: The pumpkins got it. That's pretty fun, actually.
Dennis Kelleher: how do we? But are we trying to get it to the store specific? Because it's not so? Does that hit on store pages? Or is that about everything like just
Dennis Kelleher: illustrating. Maybe that's fine.
Dennis Kelleher: I
Dennis Kelleher: actually good question.
Dennis Kelleher: I thought.
Dennis Kelleher: would I would. I care to see what's happening where I live today? Do I care what's happening in Golf town or not?
Dennis Kelleher: Maybe not. But if you're involved.
Dennis Kelleher: but if that's what I'm saying, you go to your area and your questions should be there, or should it just be in the more broad.
Lea Howland: And and maybe it's also not necessarily that they want to get involved. But it could shift their opinion about you guys. So if they search the location, and that they see that location.
Dennis Kelleher: Yes.
Lea Howland: Involved with, like, maybe, like the local Girl Scouts or a local football foundation, they're like.
Dennis Kelleher: That's awesome because we would be the community store. Right? I mean, right? Just what we did it.
Dennis Kelleher: Gloucester. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: With the supporting
Dennis Kelleher: right.
Dennis Kelleher: We did the schooner festival, the fireworks. We did a lot of stuff there
Dennis Kelleher: this year, a local band.
Dennis Kelleher: and we also did the
Dennis Kelleher: Alzheimer's, which I couldn't think of a name.
Dennis Kelleher: So you laugh.
Lea Howland: For this section we would consider success a. Perhaps people have changed their opinion about your company.
Lea Howland: Yes.
Dennis Kelleher: Are we are we gonna have a are we gonna have a space on there for people to be able to say, Reach out to us.
Dennis Kelleher: if you like a submit.
Dennis Kelleher: submit
Dennis Kelleher: for
Dennis Kelleher: like partnerships and well partnerships. But community donations, I mean, we should. You know what I mean? Oh, yeah, you mean to some right reach out? Right? Yeah, we should have a definitely, absolutely, that's going to be community initiatives. Yeah, community initiatives. Selfishly, I don't. But yes, we should.
Dennis Kelleher: They can go filter out, we. That's what we'd have to do. We'd have to get a form. It'll dump in. It'll just dump into a right? No. But seriously, it's like a website. It's a form on the website. I mean, it's so common. It is common. We always had that. So.
Lea Howland: Does the It kicks foundation, have its own landing page or Mini website. Now.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, it does. It does.
Lea Howland: Okay, so would we want to link out to that for a form to complete any type of donation.
Dennis Kelleher: That's different. No, that's different. Yeah. But it's gonna come in.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean, we have to rebuild a kicks foundations part of the site, anyway, but how they do their donations. They meet as they meet as a board and decide who they're going to give money to. It's not
Dennis Kelleher: it kicks commute. Maybe there's an it kicks.
Dennis Kelleher: There's a separate one for that. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean, it's important. I think we have to highlight the. It takes community foundation that goes.
Dennis Kelleher: we we have to suss it out. We need to do some discovery with our 8 kicks team.
Lea Howland: Okay? Yeah. Cause I would assume there's some level of technology that would have to go into place.
Dennis Kelleher: This.
Dennis Kelleher: it's.
Lea Howland: So
Lea Howland: I would also say, for people who are exploring about you guys. So perhaps they've done some research before applying for a job or they're more informed about
Lea Howland: I guess the safety aspect.
Lea Howland: oh, I feel like this is kind of be can kind of be generalized as to. They've changed their opinions on half.
Dennis Kelleher: What's the success look like? No, this is the
Lea Howland: What does success look like.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, yeah, sorry.
Lea Howland: You're fine. I wish I could like freeze the the left column, but I can't. So I can't
Lea Howland: have it on screen.
Dennis Kelleher: It's not an excel sheet where you can really collapse it and move it right.
Lea Howland: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: It's where Excel still is still
Dennis Kelleher: still winning, still winning.
Lea Howland: Holding down the fort. I would say. They've
Lea Howland: Perhaps they get involved with the foundation.
Dennis Kelleher: Reach out, or more community like reaching out to us, you know, because you said before, if they wanted to do a community type thing. It's more of that community. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: this is the about
Dennis Kelleher: what success looks like.
Lea Howland: they.
Dennis Kelleher: You know what I think success is, if it
Dennis Kelleher: if they link over
Dennis Kelleher: to an action like
Dennis Kelleher: no, if they link over to cause I before I would ever apply anywhere
Dennis Kelleher: I wouldn't want. I want to learn about how I got here. I have no idea now, but I would want to learn about who I'm working for. That seems interested.
Dennis Kelleher: Can it link over to the
Dennis Kelleher: career section careers section.
Lea Howland: Yeah, I believe there is gonna be a level of content regarding obviously like benefits and about halfners in the job seeker section as well, so it's finding a good kind of.
Dennis Kelleher: Between. Is this a good way to get right.
Lea Howland: for me.
Dennis Kelleher: This is.
Lea Howland: More of like.
Dennis Kelleher: Yes.
Dennis Kelleher: we do. A deep dive.
Lea Howland: Free. Oh, the our story stuff! We don't have that listed here.
Dennis Kelleher: Oh, the history!
Dennis Kelleher: Yes.
Lea Howland: That's pretty big.
Dennis Kelleher: Thank you. That's a big one.
Lea Howland: Let's pause there and consider failure.
Dennis Kelleher: What about energy North? We need to include them in the about
Dennis Kelleher: in 2015, happily, was purchased by energy. North Group. Okay, if they want to learn more. There, they're gonna pop to the new. But do we need to capture it, I guess, is my question.
Lea Howland: I mean, there's like the classic classic about Halfner's page.
Dennis Kelleher: It's fine.
Dennis Kelleher: We'll be in the history part of it, too.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah. So we lay out the energy north in the history book.
Dennis Kelleher: It's not in 2,015. You gotta mention it on there.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay.
Lea Howland: Oh, sorry! Did I miss something I didn't.
Dennis Kelleher: No, no, just once I take the down. Once we take donkey out of the underneath logo, I'll do it. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: I think it's a great idea. We're just gonna improve and modernize their logo.
Lea Howland: For failure for this journey.
Lea Howland: I would say, people
Lea Howland: I feel like it's pretty straightforward. People
Lea Howland: like don't understand. You guys I'm trying to think of like.
Lea Howland: for this, people would probably start.
Lea Howland: I don't know, talking poorly about your community.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, that's a.
Lea Howland: Like.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, bad reviews. Anything of that nature would be. I mean, it's almost a
Dennis Kelleher: lift from the left.
Lea Howland: Yeah, yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: I don't think customer service calls would happen.
Dennis Kelleher: I already are confused. We're trying to unconfuse confusing site.
Lea Howland: I know you guys are.
Dennis Kelleher: Bye.
Lea Howland: Have not done our job yet.
BreAnn Kopcza: I would, I would imagine you'd also like
BreAnn Kopcza: there, this seems like there's gonna be a lot of content, so
BreAnn Kopcza: that we, you know, want to share ideally. But so we're gonna have to figure out a way to like, get people through a flow of information. So as maybe a failure would be like
BreAnn Kopcza: their their flow. It it ends at like one page.
BreAnn Kopcza: right? Like they don't go into more detail, or
BreAnn Kopcza: they aren't necessarily like
BreAnn Kopcza: exactly.
Dennis Kelleher: Like it's a are we looking at hover rates or something, and saying they were there for a nanosecond, and they left, or I mean, I don't know.
Lea Howland: The way we could say, like Page, flows, and like Ga. 4, for instance, like if they are, even if you use a tool, like hot jar or mouse, flow, or Microsoft clarity, where you can see like friction.
Dennis Kelleher: Good point, sir.
Lea Howland: Confusion.
Lea Howland: I love Microsoft.
Dennis Kelleher: We should, we will. I like those. Yeah, we will
Dennis Kelleher: definitely.
Dennis Kelleher: That's fascinating.
Lea Howland: So this is an area that I wasn't entirely.
Dennis Kelleher: Sure it's actionable, too. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Go ahead. Sorry.
Lea Howland: Oh, no, you're totally fine. I I geek out over Microsoft clarity. I love watching the videos and stuff on there and seeing how people are interacting with the site. So I'm all for it.
Lea Howland: so this was an area that I wasn't entirely sure what we wanted them to do after visiting the.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, yes.
Lea Howland: So is it. We want them.
Dennis Kelleher: That's a good one.
Lea Howland: Is it social? What do we want them to sign up for email? Do we want them to find like new ways to get involved, or
Lea Howland: you know, I know there's a path for job seekers.
Dennis Kelleher: These buckets?
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: visiting social and and and that, I think, goes across a lot of the buckets right? So it goes across the
Dennis Kelleher: the other ones to the left, to the left.
Dennis Kelleher: We gotta grow that 2,400 Facebook user distribution.
Lea Howland: I would assume they'd want to learn. Keep learning more about the business, even if they haven't bought oil. So signing up for email, what's the type? What's content that you guys can share? That's more of thought, leadership or industry knowledge
Lea Howland: to help them understand.
Dennis Kelleher: Do we want anything about Telus?
Dennis Kelleher: We want to interest them in telling us about
Dennis Kelleher: customer feedback like any feedback that would be good. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Tell us what we better. What would you want in our stores? What do you know? How can we improve? How can we improve
Dennis Kelleher: suggestion box.
Dennis Kelleher: Right? I mean, yeah, more or less, it's a digital one. Yeah. But it says that I am.
Lea Howland: I would say, visit Job seeker
Lea Howland: portal
Lea Howland: is applicable.
Lea Howland: And then the ways that we would actually track that. So I would say, social link clicks.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: in increased
Dennis Kelleher: engagement. Yeah.
Lea Howland: Increased. I would say.
Dennis Kelleher: Engagement
Dennis Kelleher: users. Chat.
Dennis Kelleher: yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: email sign ups. Right?
Dennis Kelleher: Well, once we have an email strategy of what they're doing.
Dennis Kelleher: we're gonna have one
Dennis Kelleher: roadmap.
Lea Howland: Alright. So last 2
Lea Howland: we've got find a new job and then evaluate commercial hops offering. So find a new job. We've got about probably 12min for each one, so I will try to stick to that time.
Lea Howland: so these are people that are either searching for corporate retail or hops job listings. I know one of the needs for the content is a dynamic job. Search filtering. That was something that we talked about during the audience journey was a better, better way to showcase
Lea Howland: or just search for jobs, and within those different categories. So and we had, we covered a pretty good amount of the content necessary. But just for a quick review corporate we talked about. I could spell
Lea Howland: office imagery.
Dennis Kelleher: Showcase, it hubs
Dennis Kelleher: alright.
Lea Howland: I'm sorry. What was that?
Dennis Kelleher: Spelling errors
Dennis Kelleher: showcase it.
Lea Howland: This is what happens when I type too fast. Corporate office imagery locations, content around upward movement, testimonials and benefits perks
Lea Howland: for retail options for in-store deployment,
Lea Howland: locations, growth, opportunities and benefits. And then for the hop showcase, different divisions. So tax drivers dispatch, etc, environmental safety truck lineup values and benefits anything else you think, content, wise, that we would need for a better experience here.
Dennis Kelleher: The only thing I might add, and I will need to talk to Greg Sarah about this, and from a legal perspective are we able to interested in driving the big rigs click here
Dennis Kelleher: and goes to abs
Dennis Kelleher: just as a feeder.
Dennis Kelleher: Right? Yeah, that makes sense.
Dennis Kelleher: especially for them. Right? Yup.
Dennis Kelleher: the big. They're the 18 wheelers.
Dennis Kelleher: Like corporate doesn't have values. Of course we should have those, but
Dennis Kelleher: kind of goes without saying, well.
Lea Howland: Oh, yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean values is across it all. That's my point. I mean, across all
Dennis Kelleher: the values are of everything that's in the front of it like I'm just making sure it's covered.
Lea Howland: Yeah, there will be some level of content on like benefits and perks and values of why work at Hafner's? Within this location as well. And then I would imagine that we would divvy it up all right. Now search for your type of role.
Dennis Kelleher: Exactly.
Lea Howland: And then right.
Dennis Kelleher: I was only calling it out because it wasn't hops, but it wasn't in corporate. Well, it should just be up top right of everything.
Dennis Kelleher: values, vision, mission position, blah, blah.
Lea Howland: Jeff.
Lea Howland: And some of this was also stream of consciousness. So good good eye,
Dennis Kelleher: Okay.
Lea Howland: So for success around this section, I would say, a user
Lea Howland: is able to easily differentiate which type of role they want.
Dennis Kelleher: Correct.
Dennis Kelleher: if.
Lea Howland: For I'm spelling that wrong differentiate which.
Dennis Kelleher: Need, another need, another f.
Lea Howland: They won't do. I? Oh, my goodness.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, you need another f 1. There, yeah.
Lea Howland: That's not true, right?
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, differentiate stuff differ.
Dennis Kelleher: I thought you said that those 2 are already there.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay.
Lea Howland: I.
Dennis Kelleher: Let's say.
Lea Howland: Increased job applications.
Lea Howland: yep.
Dennis Kelleher: Excitement mode.
Dennis Kelleher: half nurse working the potential of working at half. Nurse.
Dennis Kelleher: How are we gonna know that? How do we measure that?
Dennis Kelleher: Let me ask him, are you excited about applying for this year? Yeah, I guess I am.
Lea Howland: We shouted.
Dennis Kelleher: Increase job applications.
Lea Howland: Yeah, it's that would be that would definitely
Lea Howland: be probably almost impossible to measure unless there's
Lea Howland: it's an app.
Lea Howland: During the interview process or application process of like, How excited are you?
Dennis Kelleher: Is this? Is this success outcome? Or is this measurement.
Lea Howland: This is.
Dennis Kelleher: Just overall 6.
Lea Howland: Yes, so.
Dennis Kelleher: What does it look like here.
Lea Howland: Yeah, what? What do we really want them to happen? Because then failure for this one, I think, is pretty straightforward. They don't fill out jobs.
Dennis Kelleher: No replicants.
Lea Howland: I would say decrease.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Lea Howland: Decreased
Lea Howland: job applications
Lea Howland: say, page drop offs.
Dennis Kelleher: Decrease visits to page. Yeah. Glass door.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, I was. Gonna say, those 2 reviews.
Dennis Kelleher: no glass door reviews, is it? Glassdoor reviews? Yeah. Glassdoor reviews.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: that usually happens after people leave.
Dennis Kelleher: Post. But even if they had a bad experience, yeah, even a bad interview experience never know. Experience. Yeah, yeah, I've seen those.
Dennis Kelleher: Yup!
Lea Howland: And so obviously the next step here is they apply for a job.
Dennis Kelleher: Sounds good.
Lea Howland: And then I would say, to measure that I would say I threw in there like search usage. So people are searching for jobs near me, or jobs at Hafner's job. Application completions,
Lea Howland: I think, are are pretty straightforward for for measurements here.
Dennis Kelleher: Quality of I don't know how you determine that, though. Quality of applicant. I don't know if you how you determine that. Really.
Dennis Kelleher: that'd be tough.
Dennis Kelleher: It's
Dennis Kelleher: just like, Yeah, I know how to do. So you have to turn around.
Lea Howland: How do you measure that.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean, because at this point it we're passing it over to velocity, which we need to work on that
Dennis Kelleher: as well, because that's a terrible process.
Dennis Kelleher: It's not segmented. Very well.
Lea Howland: Possible referrals. Maybe there's a way to track. If somebody has referred somebody to work at Hapner's.
Dennis Kelleher: Oh, yeah, we do have a referral program
Dennis Kelleher: which
Dennis Kelleher: Edwin talked a lot about it. Actually, you know, yeah, like talking to the drivers about it a lot because they always need drivers. He's like I got 2,500 bucks for referral program.
Lea Howland: do we talk about that referral.
Dennis Kelleher: To.
Dennis Kelleher: No, we need to talk about that up top. It's a good thing to flag.
Dennis Kelleher: It's a referral pro program across the board. Actually, I think, for hops.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, there's a referral. Yeah, it's referral program for that. But it's a different referral program. There's a referral program for customers. Right? So there's a customer referral program. Then there's a job referral program. I'm just wondering if we captured the other referral program. Yeah, did we? Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: gone through so many. Now I don't. Yeah.
Lea Howland: And I think so. These 3 sum up the analytics of what we'd want to measure for that I would also say,
Lea Howland: huge visits.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, definitely anything with Linkedin on this.
Dennis Kelleher: And I know it's just another social site.
Dennis Kelleher: Congratulations. I just got a new job. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: no, I don't think so.
Dennis Kelleher: but we do need to up our Linkedin profile.
Dennis Kelleher: I do agree with that.
Dennis Kelleher: I struggled with that one when I was looking about. Yeah.
Lea Howland: So for our last journey. Last, but definitely, not least, one of the bigger ones, and possibly the one that we need to consider the most, because I feel like this, one has the least amount of information on the site currently is the commercial hops, offerings.
Lea Howland: And so this is a user business is looking to understand or the delivery around the delivery services. For various fuel types or maintenance service based on their industry needs.
Lea Howland: So for content that we need for the site right now. Brianne's done a great job of planning this out for the journey mapping as well. So when we get there.
Dennis Kelleher: Basically, all this is all that you did earlier.
Lea Howland: Oh, really
Dennis Kelleher: We had a meeting earlier kind of going over the same.
Lea Howland: Oh, okay, well, we can hopefully rush through it. Then if you guys already have all this stuff, so of course.
Dennis Kelleher: I gotta make this a Sebastian show.
Lea Howland: For this I have listed just this is kind of bubbling everything together but fuel, delivery, onsite availability, content by industry. So the commercial, industrial agricultural needs.
Lea Howland: equipment, servicing options. So this is more of like the Hvac. Or any type of equipment.
Dennis Kelleher: That's large.
Lea Howland: Large scale process content. So this is the how to work with Hafner's the pricing options, testimonials.
Lea Howland: by industry, and then outdoor living. So this is the restaurants, the local pools. Anything that was more slightly
Lea Howland: less industrial, but still large scale.
Lea Howland: Anything else that I haven't called out here that you guys maybe even spoke about.
Dennis Kelleher: Services is kind of like the equipment servicing options. I think that's where.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, okay, miss. There,
Dennis Kelleher: process. Okay, that's good. That was one of the things I'm just trying to think about your web page. I'm trying to think of your web page, and I'm trying to go through
Dennis Kelleher: the tanks rent versus is that I mean all that's covered. Yeah, that's pretty good.
Lea Howland: Those are high level buckets, awesome.
Dennis Kelleher: So can I ask some? We need to figure out where fleets gonna go
Dennis Kelleher: psychoanipate.
Dennis Kelleher: Oh, in here I'm here. I'll go where?
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, that's another bucket. Kinda yeah, I don't know if that's yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: That's a 1 we didn't really discuss yet. I don't think
Dennis Kelleher: but it is in the roadmap of having fleet.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, okay, if you
Dennis Kelleher: make our way through this one, is he just.
Lea Howland: Are you? Are you saying Fleet would need its own journey, or fleet can be listed under the commercial services.
Lea Howland: and we just have page content for our fleet.
Dennis Kelleher: It, may it it may, it may leave live in. I can't live in our energy north. No
Dennis Kelleher: cool
Dennis Kelleher: It may need another journey I was, gonna I was gonna say, potentially a new one.
Dennis Kelleher: You're talking about fleet. Yeah, it's it's it's really underdeveloped. It's a future state. Yeah, it's a separate entity really
Dennis Kelleher: from anything else on it is because it's a different pricing structure, right? I think it should be its own user and it
Dennis Kelleher: it involves fuel.
Dennis Kelleher: and for me car wash as well.
Dennis Kelleher: Yes.
Dennis Kelleher: yep.
Dennis Kelleher: sorry.
Dennis Kelleher: Sorry.
Lea Howland: So is there? Is there no world where maybe we provide fleet information under the car wash section that was already envisioned where it's like maybe residential car wash needs versus fleet car wash.
Dennis Kelleher: So.
Lea Howland: Needs. It would.
Dennis Kelleher: I don't
Dennis Kelleher: let us think about it. Okay, I I hear what you're saying, because it kind of fits under the retail car. Wash
Dennis Kelleher: fuel section.
Lea Howland: cause, it's almost like, choose, select your own needs, like, be having them.
Lea Howland: self, select.
Dennis Kelleher: More of a commercial need. Right? So this is a commercial play, and fleet reaches out to us, talking to Amazon. Distribution centers nearby to say, Hey, we can fill all your trucks, and here's why.
Lea Howland: Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: sorry. Just I think I thought you said, Yeah, I thought you when we talked about originally, it was kind of like a.
Lea Howland: Oh, we did talk about in the audience journey. I thought it fell under the commercial offering journey.
Lea Howland: Adrian.
Dennis Kelleher: Could, but it would need its own journey within it.
BreAnn Kopcza: Yeah, I think what I'm what I'm picking up is yeah, that we. It is a commercial audience. However, the
BreAnn Kopcza: like, the mindset that people have coming in and what they, what we want to provide them. The information that they're gonna need is probably might be different.
BreAnn Kopcza: Just a different use case to kind of go through.
Dennis Kelleher: It is gonna be different. Yeah. Cause this one's more of like we deliver fuel to you commercially. The other fleet is you come to our station. You set up an account with us, and you get your fuel from us at the station.
Lea Howland: Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: Trying to reach for us, probably like procurement teams. Right? If you think about it.
Dennis Kelleher: it's a different journey, though I think.
BreAnn Kopcza: So, yeah, so so we can set it up
BreAnn Kopcza: it.
BreAnn Kopcza: yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: It's very we. We haven't really kicked it off. We're really trying to kick it off.
Dennis Kelleher: you know, early next year.
Dennis Kelleher: but it should be by the time we get this up. Yeah.
Lea Howland: That's totally fine. And that was part of the engagement today is like making sure that, like you guys agreed with all of the journeys that we that we planned out, and if there was anything we needed to add, so it's totally fine to add here, this is the time to add
Lea Howland: definitely, not after design. So this is
Lea Howland: totally fine. We'll get that figured out.
Dennis Kelleher: Fleet. Fleet.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay.
Lea Howland: Alright. So, aside from Fleet, considering all the other, the commercial, industrial, agricultural needs.
Lea Howland: what do we consider success for this journey? I would say, they we're under.
Lea Howland: I could spell clear understanding of Apner's offerings. Say.
Dennis Kelleher: Great.
Lea Howland: At least. We want to drive them to call in right, is there? Or is there any type of need for having a commercial form, or some type of process on the site? Or is it only going to be contacting a customer service agent.
Dennis Kelleher: I personally think if I'm
Dennis Kelleher: I mean you tell me
Dennis Kelleher: as a business, I would want to start with just an online form, even right.
Dennis Kelleher: And then that then
Dennis Kelleher: once we understand
Dennis Kelleher: the business, it goes in. And
Dennis Kelleher: I mean, we're not gonna send to our individual guys. That's absurd. Right?
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, we can. They have a Crm now, so we can dump into there. You can go there. Yup, and that would be a lead for them. Yeah, yeah, I mean, I don't. I just assumed it would be obvious that we'd want to do that. Yeah, yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: if they.
Lea Howland: Now, if you.
Dennis Kelleher: All they need either. Or do you assume a lot of things are obvious here?
Dennis Kelleher: No, that's right.
Dennis Kelleher: We just want to cover all the touch points essentially increase, the calls
Dennis Kelleher: falls to customer service.
Lea Howland: Do you guys have separate customer service for your commercial lines of business and your residential? Or is it the same group that covers everything.
Dennis Kelleher: It. It's the same group, and what they'll do is they'd be able to route it. Then to
Dennis Kelleher: the sales, the sales question that's in that would be very timely question, I know, right
Dennis Kelleher: correct to the sale instead of it going to
Dennis Kelleher: Mike or Jeff, whatever it's gonna go through them, and they'll route it.
Dennis Kelleher: And Jeff, they would contact them back.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, the salesperson sales reps responsible for contacting them. Yeah.
Lea Howland: I'm gonna say, overall more regional usage of your service offering. So having more people buy into long term, I would assume contracts with you guys I know
Lea Howland: getting having brand awareness be a crucial thing here of, you know, letting them know that you are a key player. In the industries, even if they aren't the 1st name that they've heard of. So really understanding you know, not just what you guys offer, but also making sure people are utilizing you guys more.
Dennis Kelleher: It is, I mean, ultimately, we wouldn't want to take that and push it into a sale and
Dennis Kelleher: have the attribution against
Dennis Kelleher: how many gallons did we push through the pipeline
Dennis Kelleher: sales increase, and we look at sales as gallons.
Dennis Kelleher: at least on that side.
Dennis Kelleher: There's not one of the other sides.
Lea Howland: Failure here, I would say they
Lea Howland: obviously purchased with a competitor.
Lea Howland: They.
Dennis Kelleher: Can? Can I jump back up.
Lea Howland: Oh, yeah. Go ahead.
Dennis Kelleher: My my hunch is is that
Dennis Kelleher: it's gonna be a few times again. It's a big commitment, and this is only the 1st route meaning to close if you will. Yeah, the closing is so long. All all we can do is get
Dennis Kelleher: customers in the hands, connect the dot, connect them. Yeah, right?
Dennis Kelleher: That's true.
Dennis Kelleher: Shit.
Dennis Kelleher: So.
Lea Howland: So.
Dennis Kelleher: The sales team has to close the deal. So meaning increase leads is probably the yeah. So not necessarily sales.
Dennis Kelleher: I think that makes sense. Yeah, increase leads
Dennis Kelleher: sleep. Gym.
Dennis Kelleher: How long process is it is it really depends on the size of the customer they get, you know.
Dennis Kelleher: permitting everything like that in towns. It takes time, yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: Can take them 6 months to do one.
Lea Howland: Do we think there's anything we can do, or any information we can provide to shorten that time? Or is it just part of the business that it. It's always gonna take that long
Dennis Kelleher: Part of the due process of the book which is part of the educate, the awareness and education
Dennis Kelleher: while connecting them. So I don't know if that's gonna change it.
Dennis Kelleher: If if we could have a I mean, I know we're just starting. We haven't built it. We're building it now. I'm sure it'll be looking just like what we have today.
Dennis Kelleher: But if we can.
Dennis Kelleher: the path, if we can shrink down the path to purchase in any way we need to figure out what that might look like.
Dennis Kelleher: meaning how to measure it.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, I mean, maybe it is shrinking down our path to purchase as a success that we can identify.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah. As I say, how you're really just sending a lead over is all we're doing. We're
Dennis Kelleher: I'm I'm I'm opening that up. But are we providing it more enough content on here
Dennis Kelleher: to create the viability to push the sale a little faster? Yeah.
Lea Howland: Sure.
Dennis Kelleher: Okay.
Dennis Kelleher: I get it.
Lea Howland: Is there a curtain, a a curtain? Is there a curtain current way to track?
Lea Howland: How long the purchase takes? Or is it more of just a guess like, is there any type of.
Dennis Kelleher: There's a lot of. There's a lot of.
Dennis Kelleher: There's a lot of lot of variables because you have to get permitting, and that could be the town. You have to go before the town board, so there's a lot of different things that you have to do to do it. That's not necessarily you didn't make the sale, but in order to get the full thing going in the 1st gallon in well, I guess the question is, is our job for making the gallons, or is our job, for if they're going in front of permitting, they've already signed with us. Yeah, yeah, usually
Dennis Kelleher: we're not going to go on permanent. But if they don't get the permit, then you can't do anything. You know you've lost the sales. What I'm saying. Yeah, but that's that's what isn't our job to drive the leads and connect them. Yes, it is. That's so. It's not a real job, whereas increased gallons is great. But that's a further down the line, right? That's a second. But we can see the productivity of the lead right? Right? That's what we want. Yeah, we can track down the back end.
Lea Howland: So rather than having it being like a measurable goal towards us. It's more of like, Hey, we're supporting the business to be able to increase the gallons, because what we're doing at the top of the funnel is going to help them. Obviously close the deals later on, and in in my mind a way we can even measure. This is like, how long did it take a purchase to take before the new site launch versus post site launch. Is there any way we can measure? Maybe shrinking that path to purchase? It might be something that isn't doable. But is there a way that
Lea Howland: by how we've showcased the content on the website, or how we're able to help them navigate. You know. Is there a way to measure it? In some
Lea Howland: case, you know, even if it's like within.
Dennis Kelleher: Either measurement or it's anecdotal at this point until we have a baseline.
Dennis Kelleher: And I have to assume so many of these are, they're all unique.
Dennis Kelleher: Well, yeah, he said, yeah. And the selling point is going to be unique on it, right? It's hard to say if we're going to capture all of those selling points. So it's like, that's why I keep coming back to just the lead. I think it is lead. Gen.
Dennis Kelleher: We could see the effect of it later. But if we're capturing that information, can then we use that information to say push it out to them for referral.
Dennis Kelleher: and they get a lead, I mean could be. That might be up to the sales, Guy, to do that, too, though right? I mean he still has the direct contact. He may be one asking for the lead.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah. But yeah, I'm not. Gonna Joe Schmo, be the email sender of something. It's gotta come through the systems. Say, Okay, we know we brought this consumer with this business on. We know this closed right? 3 months after it's been installed. They've experienced. Hey? Tell us about your experience. We push it out to them. If you know, if you could do a referral, we can give you a referral of $2,500. I don't know. I'm just.
Dennis Kelleher: I get concerned about leaving it up. No, I know what you're saying to a guy that may or may not be here.
Dennis Kelleher: I mean, reality. Sales guys turn. We need to own it. So it's not saying more from a conversion standpoint. Is that what you're going for? Getting more leads. Yeah, I think it's more of like once we've already sold. Once the sales guys already sold them. We have a automation that goes out to them. You know that says, Hey, after 3 months we send them an email because we know they're in the system and say, Hey, you know, how is your experience? Been with halfners.
Dennis Kelleher: you know. Give us a review, and then, you know, and if you can refer somebody, we'll give you $2,500 off your next purchase, whatever it might be captured on this site of refer somebody you get it, for, you know whatever referral program up here as well. 3 months. Right? Yeah.
Lea Howland: So that leads us, then.
Dennis Kelleher: Specific database we need to capture right
Dennis Kelleher: scrap from their Crm back in their Crm, well, it's gonna have to connect. It's not from they are, they have to all connect
Dennis Kelleher: as a requirement. Well, if they want
Dennis Kelleher: the marketing team to drive it, it does.
Lea Howland: So we can almost do the inverse of
Lea Howland: what we've listed. As the success. So almost saying, decrease qualified leads increased calls over form fills. Maybe. If that's the the ideal path we want them to take.
Lea Howland: I would say.
Lea Howland: you know.
Lea Howland: lack
Lea Howland: lack of consideration before calling. Maybe if we're not showcasing the educational materials in a clear manner.
Lea Howland: or if they're unable to successfully evaluate what their needs before calling in
Lea Howland: so
Lea Howland: lack of
Lea Howland: confirmed
Lea Howland: calls to customer service.
Dennis Kelleher: I could learn.
Lea Howland: Past, your knowledge.
Dennis Kelleher: Are you saying that because we're not.
Dennis Kelleher: we're not doing a good job of providing the the right appropriate information.
Lea Howland: Yeah. So the way I envision it is, however, we decide to design this out obviously, is going to be brand new for these users, and how they self either how they self identify to get the information they need, how we portray that information in the navigation, however it might end up being because we have to start somewhere.
Lea Howland: And so kind of being able to understand is what we did. The right thing is our people able to find the information and say they need agriculture, information over industrial. Are we helping them in an easy way to get to that information?
Lea Howland: And kind of just, you know, self. Check ourselves, being like, all right. Yes, this is working versus. Oh, we're getting more people to call in, and because they can't understand how to use the site anymore, or they aren't able to find the information that they need ideally. Obviously, within launch. You know.
Lea Howland: we're gonna have it. We're gonna be able to test this and say, like, All right, like, what's working, what's not working? But I would say, a failure here, you know, with what we do design, which is going to be wonderful because you've got Ralph and Brianna on the team, and they are amazing. But if people are calling in and saying, Hey, we just can't find the information. Then we've done something wrong. So that's kind of what I would consider a failure here for this journey.
Dennis Kelleher: Is, did, how did we indic what did we call this category up top.
Lea Howland: This is.
Dennis Kelleher: Commercial.
Lea Howland: Yeah, it's just pretty much evaluating offerings.
Lea Howland: So they're looking to understand, what are your delivery services?
Lea Howland: What are the field types, etc?
Dennis Kelleher: Cause we're gonna have to. I mean, the content on this goes wide.
Dennis Kelleher: It's it's essentially all the stuff that we talked about this monitoring propane. And then it's every other distillette. Right? Well, yeah. So that's yeah. We talked about that this morning kind of having almost like a
Dennis Kelleher: a separate page for the distillate part of it. Right? It'll just mirror the the propane design and visually. But it's just another product, right? Some different content. Just make sure they know versus what we I mean, we like, kind of have those little squares today of everything we do. Yeah, yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: you like this? No.
Dennis Kelleher: no, I do not. If I have to look at that blue flame anymore.
Dennis Kelleher: even though it looks like a natural gas. That's okay.
Dennis Kelleher: Blue Flame.
Dennis Kelleher: I just.
Lea Howland: So
Lea Howland: it's an.
Dennis Kelleher: Next step here, yep.
Lea Howland: Which we've already talked about a bit is that they fill out a form which would be new, or they call in
Lea Howland: I miss. I think that's probably it for this commercial group. There's not like another step we want them to take. Obviously we want them to contact and become be considered as a qualified lead.
Dennis Kelleher: I think that yeah, making sure that they're directed to their right
Dennis Kelleher: salesman right? Exactly.
Lea Howland: And so how we.
BreAnn Kopcza: Sorry. Can I? Can I clarify? Do you? Do you? Does your team ideally want to show individual people or
BreAnn Kopcza: teams like in terms of like contacting the right people? Or is it more just?
BreAnn Kopcza: Filling out information on a form? And then they get directed to the right person like automatically.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah.
BreAnn Kopcza: Okay, hold on.
Dennis Kelleher: I kind of want to get away with from all the pictures we have of. Here's your person, da da, da, and it because that should be rotating it. It'll rotate, it'll grow whatever.
Dennis Kelleher: But based on their zip code, it should identify what sales
Dennis Kelleher: person they would get. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: we could also do that feedback of Thank you. Based on your information. You should be hearing from Mike or Joe. But to your point. If you're putting it on the site. It's almost like
Dennis Kelleher: it makes us look smaller. Makes us look really small. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: thought of that earlier. But I didn't. Actually, that's a good point. Yeah, like it. Just
Dennis Kelleher: we're bigger than that. We're family. Yeah, if I need to change that, though.
Dennis Kelleher: I I completely, because we had it kind of on there right now is if it's on there right now, because it's on there for everybody right now. It's fine. Future state is like, my hope is that we're going to be adding more salespeople. And there's multiple people. So we can't just put one on the
Dennis Kelleher: family. But I feel like that's too full. It just it. Just it makes us look smaller. It makes us look really small. Yeah.
Dennis Kelleher: And we're not.
Dennis Kelleher: We are, but not that small.
Dennis Kelleher: You need to do.
Lea Howland: So to actually track this, I'm gonna say, page completions calls to customer service page. I would say, the
Lea Howland: commercial section engagement, commercial
Lea Howland: content engagement.
Dennis Kelleher: From scratch.
Lea Howland: Is there any type of.
Lea Howland: I guess
Lea Howland: email sign up need here as well? I would assume. That's probably an easy win.
Dennis Kelleher: Yes, it's across the board. You got it.
Dennis Kelleher: This.
Lea Howland: And then
Lea Howland: maybe social, to see any test type of testimonials or reviews.
Dennis Kelleher: Reviews take those sure. Why not?
Dennis Kelleher: Clothes are good.
Dennis Kelleher: anything.
Lea Howland: I've missed from.
Dennis Kelleher: It's okay. We'll take it 6 months later.
Dennis Kelleher: No, I think, until we look at it all in solace.
Lea Howland: Yep.
Lea Howland: Well, thank you guys for letting me talk for 2h. And.
Dennis Kelleher: Have you done this in 1h
Dennis Kelleher: you've got?
Dennis Kelleher: Did this in an hour before. That's correct.
Lea Howland: No.
Jessi Davidson: Probably depends on how many you have up at the top, too.
Dennis Kelleher: Yeah, we're missing a bucket.
Lea Howland: Yeah. And we have one that we haven't gone through.
Dennis Kelleher: We can do that.
Dennis Kelleher: Swear it's in the scope of work. I swear to God
Dennis Kelleher: it yeah.
Lea Howland: We've definitely talked about it to some extent. And what what Bree and I can do is take that offline. Put it together. And I can add this, and maybe we send it over for some homework. If you guys want to fill out this last journey. Now that you guys.
Lea Howland: okay, and also.
Jessi Davidson: And I'll.
Dennis Kelleher: It won't. It won't be that deep.
Jessi Davidson: I'll send you the.
Dennis Kelleher: Probably thinks.
Jessi Davidson: The lucid board. So you have it just for reference as well.
Jessi Davidson: I'm gonna hit stop recording because I'm gonna talk about scheduling things.